13.University should require:
  Pros:
    1. Students may find their interest outside their field of study -> That helps when they dislike their major.
    2. Students can make new friends to think in a different way.
    3. To overcome the new challenge. University helps you become an educated citizen, not only a specialized engineer.
    5. Find a job outside their field major.
  Cons:
    1. Aggravate their burden of study.
    2. Lecture find it hard to teach because the students lack the basic background of their course.
    3. Students may not focus on their field of study. Especially when they are studying Math, which has specific requirements of logic and meticulous deduction. Both time-consuming and energy-consuming.
    4. The department of education affairs has to reconcile the arrangment of courses.
  In conclusion, the advantages outweight the disadvantages.

82. Colleges and universities should require
  Pros: 
    1. Expand their horizons. Make new friends, experience different culture. Think in a different way to see themselves.
    2. Students could Relax. Go for a trip 
    3. Take care for themselves. Learn to cook
    4. Learn at the frontier.
  Cons:
    1. The cost is exceeds the range that the university could afford -> The diversity of family background that some students are not able to pay.
    2. Students may suspend their study. Earn credits to graduate.
    3. Feel hard to get along with students outside their country.
  In conclusion, should not require. Although a good chance for them, should take them into consideration.

6. A nation should require all of
  Pros:
    1. Help them understand the basic knowledge of each field. Then find their interest.
    2. Reflects fairness and ensures that the entrance examination is fair to everyone. Prevent widen the disparity between areas.
    3. Uniformly enhance the education over the entire nation. 
  Cons:
    1. People are different from each other. They have their own interest and the same curriculum will be detrimental to their growth. (Students could develop their interest outside the class).
    3. *** In countries where there are diverse cultures, the same national curriculum is not a must and in different areas, curriculum should be chosen delicately and meticulously. 
  In conclusion, we should not make sweep generalizations. In a nation that the cultures there are distinctive culture diversity. 

49. Claim：We can usually learn
Pros:
  1. Disagreement is a way of engendering critical thinking. Meditating on contradictory views helps you to achieve the correct answer, when your point of view is initially errornous as a whole or in part. Human beings are de facto not perfect and our views are flawed more or less. 
  2. Disagreement reflects democracy. People who share their views with us might be forced to doing so. In other words, their original thought is entirely contradictory to ours but they deliberately change their point of view when discussing because they are inferior to us status and therefore seek to flatter us. In that case, our discussion will not generate authetic and constructive results owing to the fact that the discussion is in essence toadism.
  3. *** Disagreement is the social requirements. You have to cooperate with others. Although disagreement can cause stress and inhibit learning, as a human being in the society, one must grip the chance to learn how to reconcile with others. 
Cons:
  1. Disagreement may lead to an unnecessary quarrel and shift their focus into argument instead of discussion.
In conclusion:

40. Claim：When planning courses
Pros:
  1. Students are more motivated to learn when they are interested in what they are studying.
  2. Students interest reflects the frontier of their studied field. (Cloud computing & Big data).
  3. Students absorb knowledge actively instead of passively, teaching what they are not interested in leads to passive learning, which is in essence an infusion of knowledge and is not beneficial to their understanding.
Cons:
  1. The knowledge system and structure cannot be modified or impaired.
  2. Their interest fluctuates and changes frequently.
  3. Doing so imposing the burdens on educators.
In conclusion: Compulsory courses and elective courses.
  Combind their original course and students interest.

3. Educational institutions have
Pros:
  1. Investment is more likely to get wasted
  2. Help student to find a job when they graduate
Cons:
  1. Reflects Students' interest
  2. Fields of study unlikely to succeed is of greater significance. Math, Physics
  3. It is hard to predict which field of study is unlikely to succeed
In conclusion:
  Educational insitution should enact different policies for different students

45、Competition for high grades
Pros:
  1. Study or revise what is included or covered in the exam
  2. Competition leads to stress.
  3. Competition does not fully reflect the quality of studying
  4. Result of research
Cons:
  1. Competition enhances their motives
  2. Competition is a standard fair to students
In:
  It has been an existing tradition problem

24、The best way to teach
Pros:
  1. Praise postive actions helps forming a good habit.
  2. Praise postive actions sets the paradigm
  3. Understand better in a comfortable environment.
Cons:
  1. One may get too proud that the sense of achievement and appraisement will gradually fade away. To keep that sense, educator should intensify the praisement. 
  2. Neglection of negative actions may result in repition of negative actions.
In conclusion:
  They should be evaluated and treatedly respectively.

12、Free University Education
Pros:
  1、Free education secures them to study and thus beneficial to their development. Talents
  2、It is a demonstration of fairness.
  3、Improve competition.
Cons:
  1、Governments should consider their affordability if they are able to offer a free university education.
  2、Reduction of tuition fee is also applicable.
  3、Use scholarship to movitate might be a better way.
In conclusion:

30、Teachers Salaries:
P:
  1、Academic performance reflects their teaching level
  2、Their salary is relative to teaching level and ability
C:
  1、Students' abilities differ.
  2、Work load differ.
  2、Research is also a major part
  3、Educational attendant.
I:
  1、Salary standard should be diversified.

81、All parents should be required to
P:
  1、Parents partipation enhance confidence
  2、Help children elevate their grades
  3、Correct their behaviors in school.
C:
  1、Young -> Okay; Old -> Independance.
  2、Should be respectively treated according to their work load
I:
  Coercion is not sensible. Only dealt with properly, the advantage overweigh the disadvantages.


48、Educators should teach facts
P:
  1、Based on the idea, trends, and concepts that, student construe the facts better. Study is a gradual process. Motivation for students
  2、Easier for educators to teach. Increase the complexity for explaining the facts. Move into discussion faster.
C:
  1、It takes a long time for students to study the ideas. Their view is likely to be biased when they learn by themsevles.
  2、It is hard for educators to decide what time is appropriate to tell them the facts.
  3、Students are misguided easily.
M: Although C, students should be told the facts. They are easily to be misguided by mass media and public opinion.
I: If appropriate measures taken, the advantages outweighs the disadvantages.

17、Formal education tends to
P:
  1、Formal education use standards to evaluate the students ability, which restrain their spirits. Formal education stiffen
  2、Its purpose is utilitarianism, which prepare them for their future jobs. 
C:
  1、Formal education covers the basic knowledge for individuals. Creativity is based on the building blocks.
  2、Freedom of spirits relies on individuals themselves instead of the education they received(E.g: Club, After-school activities, Research Lab)
M:
  1、Although some talents are better cultivated by specialized education mode, most
  2、It is inappropriate to ascribe the loss of creativity to formal education.
I:
  Although the effect formal education should be furthur discussed, I believe that the formal education is ultimately to emanicipate the freedom of their spirits.

123、The best way for a society to prepare
P:
  合作有助于形成合力，走向成功(leadership needs to be cooperative, reconcile conflicts)。
  合作有助于减小压力(helps reduce their stress)。
C:
  竞争有助于提高个人素质(improve their own quality)
  合作容易缺乏主见（lose their own thought)
M:
  竞争和合作are both of great significance.
  Leadership requires not only a sense of cooperation and competition, but also a clear and logic mind, a strong will to renovate.

58、Learning is primarily a matter of
P:
  1. Learning is a matter that lasts a lifetime. It is not easy for an individual to resist the temptation outside.
  2. Psycologically, only students with a strong will could be motivated. School or college provides a study environment and other facilities. Coercion is of no avail.
C:
  3. School and college motivates the students when they are young. Such as primary school students.
  4. Competition in school and college is also a conspicuous source of motivation. 
M:
  Also from their parents. 
  Although is going to be further discussed, it is more persuasive of the position that learning is indeed a matter of personal discipline.

101、Although innovations such as
1. 对于自控能力差的学生，they indulge themselves in watching TV. The new technologies is oftern a distraction.
2. 电视、电脑和互联网增强了互动性。English channel, Internet interaction, Online Q & A.
3. In the era of Information Explosion, 利用科技快速获取知识还是很重要的.
4. Competition. Make new friends. 
不要In conclusion

42、Students should always
P:
  1. Question could be categorized as critical thinking, which helps student form their own point of view.
C:
  1. Students in primary school should accept those basic knowledge, even if they have to accept it passively. Axioms
  2. antagonism result from always questioning. Students should try first to understand what they are taught. The process of understand already takes a considerable amount of time and energy. Try to collect strong evidence to oppose or support the statements they are faced with. Always questioning regardless of what they are taught is not helpful and beneficial to their learning and waste both their energy and time while interrogation with powerful and persuasive reasoning deepens their comprehension of knowledege. E.g. Math proof.
I:
  The efficiency and utility of questioning should be further discussed in the future. Interrogation, to certain degree, is beneficial to their study and is the source of creativity, based on the deep comprehension of materials the students are presented with. But it is clear to see that always questioning is more likely to result in adverse results, including suspension of their study and profligation of their time.

37、Society should identify
P:
   Society could provide opportunities for talents at an early age. Thus to cultivate them in a better environment suitable for them. E.g. My friend Fiona embraces an IQ over 150 and she was selected as candidate. She is now pursuing her PhD degree in Physics. 
C:
   It is hard to predict and identify those children who have special talents will continue to show their genius when they have grown up. Many talented person, as a matter of fact, did not show their talents when they were young. An appropriate example is not far to seek. Steve Jobs dismissed from Reed College at the age of 21 and instituted Apple Incoporated Company with his partners. His well-known iMac made its debut in 1997 and the era of mobile internet when he launched his new product iPhone began in 2007. Steve Jobs is a talent whose capability was not recognized at an early age. Therefore, there may not be special need for society to identify those children granted with special talents.

   Society should provide equal opportunities of education for all of us and invest more on the mass education to enhance the overall quality of education, based on the fact that most of us do not embrace any special or outstanding talent while the talented are only in minority. The overall quality of education and civilization reflects the strength of a society  and the effect of social progress. On the other hand, investment on those talents is gambling and their success are not secured, it is more stable and guaranteed to improve the mass education.

   Identification of those children with special talents and providing training for them is not a must, although this issue is still a controversial issue and should be furthur discussed. When the appropriate policies is taken and applied in the future, both talents and common people will find their own ways to success.

73、Colleges and universities should
   P:
   overall quality, expand their horizons, interdisciplinary achievements. Put into practice.

   Faculties with interests should .. To aggressive, Otherwise a waste of time, suspend their own work.
   
   For some majors like Maths or Physics, academic research is energy cosuming.

142、Claim：Colleges and universities should
   Reason is biased:
     University is a place of freedom. College students are different from Creativity: Steve Jobs.
   Claim is also biased:
     Eliminating courses may reduce the stress of teaching but is not beneficial to the diversification of teaching. 
     Relaxing
     For those who want to transfer their major.

     A clear guidance could be provided by well-rounded individuals

54、In order to become well-rounded individuals
  1. intrigues their imagination and enrich their lives.
  2. people have their own interest
  3. that takes a lot of time and teaching resources are limited.
  3. combination of compulsory and elective courses.

举例: For instance, illustration
因为: in order, on account of, thus, consequently, lead to, result in

31. 已写
33. 
 People are of curiosity. When people have made progress to discover a brand new field, they find themselves disoriented and ignorant.
 It is the process of exploration, Things that seems incomprehensible can be deciphered in the future and that is where human beings are.
 More knowledge result in more advanced knowledge, which changes the world.

36.
  Government investments are limited. Besides research, education, medical treatment. So in order to better utilize the investments on research.
  It is hard to predict the consequences of scientific research
  Research whose consequences that are unclear may be of great significance.
  Goverments are of more capability to fund research. In the case, investment at the initial part, then reassess the consequence of research.

1.
  For those people that are lazy. Write love letters. Copy.
  Tech changes the world, human interactions are better facilitated. Social networks
  Tech also accelerate the flow of information. Research
  Depends on how we use this.
2.
  Medicine. Vaccine for Bird flu era.
  Self interest. Explore the world. Mathematics. Physics. 
  Now unlikely. likely in the future. Like weapons.

132.
  Stay indoor. Watching computer on the internet.
  Join after-school activities. Using network as a platform
  Depends on how you use it. For different people at different age, they use technology. E.g. My grandparents

131.
  1. Reason: Almost positive. If the research outcome is predictable, comparatively it is not of great significance.
  2. Claim: Curiosity-oriented may not be of immediate, practical application. While mission-oriented will. The interest of researchers themselves.
  3. Math is the building blocks of other majors and is applied

27
  The minds of beginners are less constricted. Often at a young age, beginners are more likely to be driven by curiosity while those experts, may driven by the tenure or fame. Louis de Broglio is one of illustrations of this point of view. He used to learn history, philosophy and law as an undergraduate. After he resigned from the army, he began his life as a doctor of philosophy in physics. He was indeed an beginner at that time but he discovered the wave-particle duality of light which is an advanced notion at that time. Many scholars disapprove his discovery when his results were released to the academics but Eistein and Schrodinger acknowledged his work. At the age of 32, Louis de Broglio has made significant contributions to the physics world.
  However, the experts are still the majority to make great contributions. They are rich in knowledge and have devoted more time to conducting experiments. Thus, the experts are more experienced and more likely to make achievements. Roentgen discovered X-ray at his fifties. Without his outstanding of skill of experiments, the striking discovery could not be possible. 'Chances favored only the prepared mind'
  Experts also make their contributions by cultivating the beginners. The courses we learn at universities are designed elaborately and taught patiently by professors, who are experts in their field of study. 

9.
  Isaac Newton, If i have seen furthur, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. Based on the past achievements, we are more likely to make significant contributions. 
  Indulging ourselves in the past achievements, beginners are difficult to stretch their wings and demonstrate their innovations. John von Neumann proposed his computer architecture to treat the instructions and data as a whole. In a brand new or currently advanced field of study, like Computer Science, researchers make contributions not only by creativity, but also by borrowing ideas from others.
  It is too aggressive to make a sweep generalization that it is impossible to make significant contributions without being influenced by past achievements within that field. For those mature fields, such as Mathematics. One should learn from the past and study the basic theories in order to make greater achievements. For those new fields of study, like Computer Science.

143.
  When incorporates, interdisciplinary achievements can be made. They would introduce creativity; resolve problems in a different way. Linguistics and Computer Science.
  Study in their field study helps them to focus. University students receive general education. Although help them become better citizen.
  In new fields of study, borrowing ideas is important. For those fundatmental science, preserverence and diligence matters, Shing-Tung Yao, a illustrious Mathematician.

56.
  "Chances favor the prepared mind."
  Roentgen X-ray;
  Shing-Tung Yau: preserverence and diligence.
  We should not do research with a fluke mind. We should pay attention to every detail instead of hoping XX and doing nothing.

23.
  Scientific research and development has its independence. Governments interference would hinder the development. Professors and researchers should be curiosity-oriented, follow their own way. If they are mission-oriented, the paper and research results the proposed would not be of high quality and of great significance. Sometimes, they are only the results of perfunctoriness and they are more likely to flatter and satisfy the governments' need.
  Governments should restrict on scientific research on controversial. nuclear weapon.
  For those scientific research that are not promising. Governments should establish an assessment system.

64.
  Machine are human's invention. They are operated by human. John von Neumann devise the architecture.
  Machine facilities human's life. Robots help the disabled. They are not only tools, but also friends.
  Machine are also of intelligence. The terminology in computer science is artificially intelligence. Deep blue challege's the chess champion. They are the result of human intelligence. 
  It is hard to predict whether the human mind will be superior to machine.

91.
  Technology increases people's efficiency.
  Technology also provides new way of communication, cures diseases, entertainment, artificial scene. 
  Some people like working while some are not that perserverent or diligent. The development and growth of individual is more important than the amount of leisure time.

26.
  People now indulge themselves in entertainment. inertia arise. no longer solves new problems.
  Still, researchers use the advanced technology to study and innovate. The conveniences of contemporary life helps them focus on their work.
  The luxuries and conveniences of contemporary life For those developing countries, such as China and India, where fierce competition exists.

43. 
  The increasingly repid pace. Utilitarianism. People are eager to achieve success that they are seek any possibility to walk on the shortcuts. Stress.
  The increasingly rapid pace reflects the increasing level of life. People now can enjoy different cultures and entertain themselves. 
  For developing contries, the rapid pace is embodied in the intensive competition. 

28. Written
16.
  民主盛行，民众声音对于决策有很大影响。但并不意味着屈从。
  政府要尊重民众意见。如果民众意见与政府意见冲突，政府需要做出解释。合理的解释可以化解the rancor and disapproval towards the government. 如果没有和理解释，民众冲突会继续升级，政府will lose their credit, protests will exists continually might result in violence. Which affects the life of common people and innocent civilians.
  The public opinion are easily misguided by mass media. The post on every newspaper, they use new media like Facebook/Twitter. People find their are surrounded by the distorted opinion and even they do not believe it initially, they .
  Leaders should incline to their principles because they are elected and they are more sensible in decision making. Even they are sometimes contradictory to public opinion, after consideration the validity and reasonability and the principle they insists on, they are able to foresee the possible consequences of such policies. De Xiaoping decide to implement reforming and opening-up, his policies are confronted with opposition initially. 

10.
  insensible to 
  wilderness areas could be used for construction; plant; economic benefits could be used to improve the residents life there. For those poor areas, they rely . their area 
  some argue pass laws to preserve. but that is not likely going to happen. the world is an interconnected one. the river that flows into the wilderness area might be the source of drink water. global climate change
  as a matter of fact, preservation and is still an issue. It is also hard to identify. Red-crowned crane Yan cheng city.
  Combine preservation and commercial development together. Assessment of commercial value and the ecology value. In outer areas of wilderness. Inner areas, forbidden.

11.
  Give young people more chances. Keep the renovation. Introduce new ideas.
People in authority tends to be conservative, more likely to erode: Emperor in ancient times.
  In addition, some may argue that five years is the most suitable time for those in power to step down. For some company that is rather small in size, even the startup companies, those in power start the company from scratch. They know the purpose of their business and the demand they appeals to better than others. They are more experienced.Resignation of their power results in an unstable state, where the new leader is more likely to make false predictions.
  Term limit in the U.S. Some argue that term limit are not democratic,
  Education, tenures.
  Thus we can not make sweeping generalization that 

104.
  We are educated since we were young that we should grow to be a moral citizen whose behaviour conforms to both the law and one's conscience. It is the base principle for an individual. In that case, a public official, as an individual, should maintain the ethical standards. The maintenance of the highest ethical and moral standards reflects his effectiveness as a leader. 
  The effective leaders are public domain characters, their behaviours not only represent themselves, but also represents the people that elect and vote for them. Therefore, as public characters, their behaviours should follow moral standards. Their actions against the moral standards would result in the scandals in the mass media or even the social network, where the censorship of the netizens and the discussion of those scandals prod the leaders to move toward the morality. Thus, as we can see, the maintenence of ethics contributes to the effectiveness of a leader.
  Although conformity to the moral standards help the leaders the establish prestige among citizens, it is nearly impossible for an individual to live with the moral standards at every time and for every event. Some may argue that the leader is supposed to make their best effort to follow their morality and conscience. But as an individual and an ordinary person, we are not perfect and thus everyone makes mistakes. A illustration of this point of view is the Chairman Mao, who is one of the greatest leaders in this world. He not only led the establishment of the new China, but also enacted economic polices to recover the economy after the Chinese Civil War. Nevertheless, Chairman Mao made a crucial mistake when he is at his twilight years and became indulging in his previous achievements. In his well-known Cultural Revolution, the great nation all wallowed in the personal worship of him. And they also destroyed their traditions which was indeed a disaster for those artists. It is clear to see from this example that, an effective leader is unlikely to maintain the highest moral standards at any time. Their mistakes do not obscure their greatness.
  It is too demanding to require every leader to conform to their moral standards. A more practicable standard is that their actions and policies does not contradict the laws. The leadership, were not only embodied in their morality, but also represented by the effectiveness of their policies. Some might argue that their policies should appeal to their citizens owing to the fact that the purpose of enacting such policies is to satisfy their needs and problems. But a policy that could not be effectively implemented and followed will not in effect meet the needs of the citizens and the citizens will only regard the policies as a form and will gradually lose their confidence in the validity of the policies and their favor of the policy-makers.
  As a conclusion, it is somewhat demanding to require a leader to follow the ethic standard at every time and every event. However, the leader could already be evaluated as an effective one only if the policies he or she makes are people-centered, meaning that the policies should be based on the benefits of the people he or she leads.

94.
  世界上有发展中国家与发达国家，他们的国家领导人各不相同。
  国家领导工作应该能使人民安乐。提高人民生活水平，增加人民财富，提高精神文化水平。GDP可以作为一个经济发展的指标。Modernization of a nation, the number metropolitan cities and 
  The well-being of citizens are difficult to evaluate. There was a survey conducted by the United Nations concerning the happiness of different people. Denmark and Normay are listed as the happiest countries in this world. The United States and China, the Gross Domestic Products of which belongs to the top level in this world, are the countries with the most powerful economic development and potential.
  The effectiveness of their leadership. The degree they improve the well-being.
  战争时期，国家领导人需要带领人民的defend the integrity of the nation's territory. The people's rights are impaired. The leader safeguard the nation when they are making deals with other countries. Protection of the benefits of their nation. indivisible relationship. 

62.
  世界上有很多公司，公司里都有不同的领导，公司的成功部分归功于领导个人的成哦给那个。领导身上肩负着不同的责任，但很难说领导石油身负的责任所造就的。
  领导身上确实肩负着许多责任。Staff are task-oriented.should take the responsibility to designate different tasks.
  领导是被选出来的，no matter the election process is a poll among qualified constituent, or they are recommended by the predecessors or even their are the only one that passed through all tests. The Chief Executive Officer
  领导也是人，他们也会犯错误，也有着自己的喜好。
  It is too partial to 

18.
  质疑，
  很多人去质疑权威，显示出社会地民主。人们有权利去质疑，说明这是一个开放地社会。质疑可以使得进步，改正自己的缺点。质疑又说明了多样性，来自不同领域的质疑。打假斗士方舟子
  一味地质疑使人们习惯于质疑，逐渐产生antagonism. Turn into fight. Fabricate rumours. Sound reasoning. Just to criticize.
  Twitter or Chinese Weibo. Sitting their without taking the responsibility of their comments.
  Well-being of a society also rely on the happiness of ordinary people. Also the education level of people.

21.
  法律应该根据不同地时期，air environmental laws. The Great Smoke . The AQI Index of U.S Embassy
  法律应该更加稳定，Consitution authority. 法律地灵活性容易被利用。Fallacies.
  法律关键在于能被实际用于safeguard the benefits of victims. Conformity and compliance with the law. Each individual should realize the seriousness of the law.

89.

  法律相对无法改变，反映出人们的感情和思想。比如：大气环境法：
  现代生活中存在很多问题不能通过法律解决。比如：如何鉴定贿赂。有时人们也不愿意通过法律途径解决。比如交通事故。
  法律的局限性造成了这个问题，法律不是万能得，但我们要保证法律可以被有效实施。

60.
  Before the discussion of whether the politicians should pursure common ground and reasonable consesnus rather than elusive ideals, there is a necessity to clarify the definition of common ground, reasonable consensus and elusive ideals. Common ground and reasonable consensus are related to the homogeneity. With the rudimentary purpose of politics are the well-being of its people, the common ground and reasonable consensus should be regarded as the general welfare of its people. While the elusive ideals representing the impracticable ultimate purpose which is far away from the common life. Although the definition of these three words need to be illustrated in more detail, I am generally in favor of the issue that politicians should pursue common ground and reasonable consensus rather than elusive ideals based on the definitions above.
  First, elusive ideals, sometimes an impractical one, are more likely to result in failure owing to the fact that the capabilities of human being are limited and the pursuit of a far-reaching goal often frustrates people and leads to the loss of confidence, and the normal development is disrupted. Chairman Mao hopes to realized the communism when the People's Republic of China is initially established. Therefore, in order to achieve this elusive ideal, Chairman Mao guided the Chinese people to carry out the planned economy, a symbol of communism. He also initiated the campaign of the Great Leap Forward, one of the goal of which, to transcend the production of the United Kingdom in five years, was quite exaggerative and impracticable. The local officials found it difficult to achieve this goal and thus made fabricated reports while the workers wasted precious raw materials by attempt to transform them into steel. The result of the Great Leap Forward was the well-known Great Chinese Famine, during the year of 1960 and 1962. In this example, as we can see, the elusive ideals result in the severe catastrophe. 
  In addition, the welfare of people are the basic principle of almost all the policies made by politicians. The majority and core of a nation is its people. The nation will be in ramshackle when its people suffer. As most of policians are elected by its people, they should base their policy on the general welfare of its people. The Reform and Opening-up, initiated by Deng Xiaoping, is a satisfactory illustration. After the realization that the planned economy no longer brought benefits to Chinese people, Deng Xiaoping determined to substitute it with market economy and opened the door of China to the world. In fact, the development of China was rapid and stable afterwards and Deng Xiaoping was also respected as one of the greatest leaders in this world. 
  Last but not least, the commond ground and elusive ideals are not de facto mutually exclusive. When the term of a politician is comparatively long enough, and the strength of nation allows the investment for such an ideal, it is reasonable for polictians to pursue its ideal. In most cases, the term of a politician is limited to ensure the democracy and to give the young leaders a chance to improve themselves, so that the pursuit of common ground and reasonable consensus are more practicable.
  As a conclusion, for politicians, the pursuit of common ground and reasonable consensus is still more applicable than the realization of elusive ideals. More importantly, the politicians should also ensure that these policies are in effect and the welfare of people are indeed enhanced. Otherwise, the policies they make are just sort of form rather than the content and the profits and benefits of the people will not be warranted.

19.
  把经历放在解决当务之急上。解决当务之急体现了政府的应急能力。当自然灾害发生时，政府通过practical measures to rescue and safeguard the victims. Like Wenchuan earthquake.
  政府也应该着眼解决the anticipated problems of future. Assessment of the trend reflects the capability of a government. Make preparations in case of emergency. The environment. Learn from their past mistakes.
  They are not mutually exclusive. They could ... at the same time. For developing Provide residents with ample food supply, clean water; For developed countries. Education. Culture.

69.
  Censorship everywhere.
  It is of real-life meaning to withhold information from the public. Military reports. Especially when a nation is in warfare. The leak of these reports will lead to the social panic that people may fear that their nation cannot withstand the attack from enemies and the technology their army use is not that advanced. Also, to maintain the morale of their soldiers.
  People have their rights to know the truth and be fully informed. The transparency of these information helps to build a reliable model of the government itself and people would in favor of the government because they are thus certain that they are in priority and they are treated as the host of a family. Otherwise, if the goverment always control the information and prevent some striking news from the public, people are more likely to lash out at the government. For example, the properties of an official is not open to public in China. Smart netizens have noticed that an official in China wear 11 different watches on public occasions. They are fierce discussion about whether it is the result of potential bribery or the illegitimate appropriation of public property. As many Chinese 'netizens' agree, that the government is not playing an active role in dealing such scandals.
  There are also rumours and fake information surrounding the public. They not only originates from individuals but also from the public authorities, even the government. Sometimes, the netizens are fabricating jokes of their government because of boredem. However, some less educated people will believe in the rumours, even they do not believe in the clarifications from the government after the government has realized that the spread of the rumours have already reached a large number of people. The reason for this weird phenomena, particularly in China, reflects that the government is not reliable in most Chinese people's minds.
  As a conclusion, although it is sometimes necessary to withhold the information to the public, in most cases, the public has its right to be fully information. By overting the information, the model of the government is more reliable and people will thus have confidence in the ability of decision-making of their government.

85.
  社会的成功固然重要。GDP的增长，国际地位的提升，经济地位的提高。综合国力的增强。Collective culture, like Japan.
  个体民众的安乐也更为重要。作为the majority of a society, 个人民众的安乐，比如生活水平的提高，财富的增强，精神文化的丰富。Individualism.
  个人民众的安乐与the well-being of a society is not mutually exclusive. People relies on their society owing to the limit of their own capability as an individual. They have their own interests. Researchers in the universities, they must have economy support and their living facilities. Funds are established by the society.

65.
  Legal society. 
  法律保证了人们的权利。Use law as a weapon to defend oneself. 在被XX时，运用法律保护自己.
  Justice of law has different intepretations. The disabled, the weak. It is originated in compassion.
  Sometimes, modification of law exists because the law must. Because law are not perfect and sometimes they cannot reflects the changes of the society in time.
  Disobeyance of law is regarded as a defiance of the authority of the law.

130.
  公司有责任促进社会的复制和环境。公司身处社会之中，他们需要以来社会提供资源，不可能独立存在。独立存在的公司不会成功。Feedback their 他们有责任保护环境，否则就会被告上法庭；尤其对于工厂而言，他们排放的废水废气，exhausted gas. 
  公司也有必要在不违反法律的前提下赚钱。否则就会破产。比如移动互联网公司。只有赚够了钱，才能保证公司的存活，发展，并且壮大。
  They are not mutually exclusive. 环境保护公司，Non governmental organization. By receiving.

4.
  丑闻确实有裨益，吸引公众注意，公开政府信息。丑闻能帮助认识自身缺点。The Public Intellectual. Graduation thesis. Some may argue that the subject of scandals are severely impaired. 
  丑闻也容易被利用，反而用来进行炒作。丑闻也被用来攻击竞争对手，民众应该有辨别能力。
  Reformers and speakers have their own sense which scandals are not able to do. 比如：改革开放。

105.
  Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety nine percent perspiration. 
  想象力很重要，没有想象力，就没有创新。Steve Jobs, the rounded-corner design, the keyboard on the screen.
  知识也很重要，没有基本的知识，何谈想象力。基础课知识。比如It is said that Shing-Tung Yau has completed ten thousand problems concerning calculus during his undergraduate years. As a great mathematician, the basic training and the rudimentary knowledgem
  Experience is also a dominant factor in academic fields and professions. In the world of Internet, some business are done on the Internet. Almost every company uses the Internet to broadcast themselves. Experienced social network operators will make changes according to the feedback from their users, while inexperienced operators...

51.
  In the epoch of information explosion, young people are presented with more opportunities and more challenges. It is more likely that their eyes only focus on seeking immediate fame and recognition. However, this goal is not that practicable for most young people and they should be encouraged to pursue long-term, realistic goals.
  First, the reason why young people are attracted by immediate fame is that they are offered with more information and news. The widespread of the Internet accelerates the speed of news and also facilitates the communication between them. They are presently more willing to surf in the social network, discussing the successful people around them. An appropriate example is the instant success of Mark Zuckerburg, the founder of the well-known Facebook. Based on the photos of every student, he initiated the Facebook and it became the first successful social network in the world of Internet. At those days when the movie The Social Network made its debut, there were discussion everywhere about the legend of Mark Zuckerburg and some aggressive young students also came up with the idea to start their own business, including one of my best friend Jeffery. However, his business to sell coupons for restaurant on the Internet was not successful at last owing to many reasons including he was busy studying at universties and managing his website at the same time. It is clear to see that their pursuit of immediate fame often result in failure because the limit of their devotion and the lack of experience.
  The pursuit of long-term, realistic goals are applicable for most young students. Because they no longer indulged themselves in seeking instant fame, they are more likely to concentrate on their study. There is an old saying in Chinese that a book holds a house of a gold and a book holds a face as smooth as jade. The adage above attaches the emphasis on the significance of reading and learning. After the solid understanding of the knowledge in their field, young people are more likely to realize the long-term and realistic goals.
  Last but not least, the pursuit of long-term goals and the sought for immediate fame and recognition are not mutually exclusive. My brother, determined to be a computer scientists, has always been perserverent in his study. He made his first program since he was seven years old. He found an outstanding supervisor and began researching under the guide of his supervisor. He published his first paper as an undergraduate and the news was instantly spread to all the students in his university, which brought him instant fame. We can conclude from this illustration that when an individual pursuing long-term goals, the fame and recognition will gradually come upon himself.
  As everyone is distinct from others, the pursuit of long-term goals may not be applicable for each individual. However, the concentration on their study is still the major task for young people and to pursue their goals, the education is comparatively necessary.

79.
  到处都有辩论，尤其是在互联网盛行的今天。
  对于辩论来说，厉害的辩手可以使对方信服。因为他们通常有运用语言的技巧，从内容/逻辑/语言上找到各种漏洞，攻击对手，使得自己他们in charge of this argument。差的辩手只能speak louder or stay in silence, which is quite lame. When it comes to the result, the arguer with higher ability are more likely to win the argument.
  However, when two arguers are with the equal or close capability, the result of an argument is still a draw. That no one is able to convince his/her opponent. 但是这个辩论仍然是有意义的。For inexperienced arguer, they could learn the techniques from those strong arguers. How to collect evidence, how to state these pieces of evidence and how to utilize these pieces of evidence as a weapon. For those audience, they would enjoy an exciting and amazing argument.
  Thus, the best test of an argument is more probably to discover the truth. By collecting some negligible evidence, people are able to reconsider themselves about their fallacy. E.g. Many of us tend to use Internet as the major source of information, but an argument will lead us into meditation about the reliability of network.
  It is too aggressive to make a sweep generalization that the

11.
  人的行为受到外界影响。因为一个人依赖于社会. 一个人需要与别人交流. 有的时候常常迫不得已。All people are born free, but the natural freedom is not achieved until these people enter into a social contract.
  People are also guided by mass media. By their friends.一个人更需要生存。
  人的行为也有相对的独立性。"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different". E.g. Those who are indeed interested in research will not consider the jobs, payments and others.

108.
  Learn by correct their behaviours or opinions.
  The critical judgement, more experience, knowledge. 专家给出的意见相对科学。E.g. 作业中碰到的问题，同学的讨论有时并不能起到效果，consult the professor.
  Outsiders, in another field. Experts are more conservative. Interdisciplinary research, machine translation. New ideas.
  现在没用不等于将来没用。Failure is the mother of success. People learn more by finding their fallacies.

66.
  骂母校一千遍，却不容许别人一遍。 
  People became the most deeply committed to an idea because after the process of recognition. They know 优缺点，因此Nuclear weapon, in this case, they are also the most critical of it.
  Devotes one's lifetime to this idea. Peace, nonviolence. He always initiated Hunger Strike for the peace and to resolve the conflicts between factions.
  It is not necessary for a person to be critical . People focus on their own work. 

141.
  在很多国家里，信仰, as the purpose of life, is regard as a major component of an individual's life. Some, some.
  Adherence to one's own belief is a kind of commitment. 
  Compromise one's own belief, terrorists. Sometime is also necessary.
  It matters more to take practical measures to realize one's belief. Practice is the only criterion of inspecting the truth.

103.
  The best ideas.
  Roentgen.
  Also from Brainstorming.
  Creativity: The Tower of pisa

93.
  In contemporary society. 
  Easily guided by. Mobile Internet. There are also a variety of investors.
  reality or truth is more important. 学生要好好学习，研究者要focus on their topic, workers should devotes them self into working. Inner beauty. Roengten.
  They are not mutually exclusive. Consensus.

78.
  人们的态度是多样化的。
  人们对于一件事情的看法，由即时环境影响。尤其是在互联网的今日。人们直接在网上讨论，表达他们的看法。在同一个宿舍里，相互交流。
  人们的人生态度，更大程度上受社会整体环境影响。在发达国家，人们追求着精神生活；在发展中国家，人们更希望；在战争中的国家，人们祈求和平。
  人们应该有自己的态度，不会受社会影响；Rousseau: all people are born free, but the natural freedom is not achieved until these people enter into a social contract. However, researcher.

61.
  Risky action的定义。
  Taken its consequences into consideration, one might be diffident in himself/herself and would fear to undertake the consequence of the possible failure. E.g. startup
  More probable to , and know their advantage and disadvantage. Take nuclear powerplant as an example. Doctor take radical measures.
  Even when help them prepared for emergency. in wenchuan earth quake, if buildings for school are constructed using more solid materials.

34.
  Discussion.
  First, discussion engenders more ideas. Brainstorm. there is no constrasting points of view. People are free to express their ideas.
  反应民主。
  In addition, discussion also helps analysis. That viewing things in different ways. When people are deep into discussion, they are more likely to resolve the conflict into consensus. 
  讨论耗费精力；讨论也不一定有结果；讨论能动摇某人的决心。
  

144.
  成功不同的定义。
  在这个社会中，人们确实容易被各种东西诱惑。在大学生活中，追寻GPA。这确实是成功的一种定义。Rousseau once said, all people are born free, but the natural freedom is not achieved until these people entered into social contract.
  也有人通过自己设定的目标。人们容易在追求社会中迷失自己，比如说我哥。目标远大，
  关键在于实践，
  also it

87.
  信息到处都是。多样化。
  很多事实的信息确实是错误的。As both the society and science are all developing, people are exploring and seeking new facts. These new facts, sometimes contradictory to the facts that people have assumed factual. E.g. Nicolas Copernicus.
  Although some piece of information may be proven false in the future, it is not necessary to be skeptical about every piece of information. Cognition is a process, we have to first accept, then understand and support or dispute at last. If an person is always skeptical and does not believe any piece of information he/she received, he/she may not learn anything at last. He/She has overused the conception of critical thinking, and he might fall into skepticism and separate himself from the society. E.g. I have met such a geek at my senior high school.
  Last but not least, as a student, the major task for us is still learning. The learning includes not only learning the academic knowledge and achieving higher grades in examination, but also to utilizing critical thinking and demonstrating appropriate behaviours. Only based on the knowledge we have obtained and other experiments we have conducted, we could make sound reasoning for evaluating a claim and present a powerful argument against the false information. This is the original objective of education. Education fails when a person is always pursuing higher grades. It also fails when a person is accepting everything or rejecting everything owing to the fact that people should have a sense of distinct the truth from the fallacies and accepting or rejecting everything evinces the lack of this ability.

53.
  Pros: 完成目标证明自己的能力；需要克服路上的种种困难；E.g. Galileo Galilei. 
  Cons: 人在社会中，需要考虑对社会的影响。目标要与社会一致，比如terrorists. hijacked 
  遵守法律，遵守道德。考虑他人利益。Factories polluted air and water, thus deteriorating the environment.
  Think twice before you speak.

74.
Pros:
  1.时代在发展，环境不同。
  2.沉浸在过去的喜悦中，不会面对现实
  3.有些新生事物，完全没有过去经验参考
Cons:
  1.了解过去，人们可以更准确的评估结果
  2.过去的成功，增加人们的信息
  3.从前人的工作中，挑出正确的，舍弃不正确的。
Mixed:
  1.基本事实不变：追求真理

44.
Pros:
  1.媒体有时会distort the truth thus to attract more audience.
  2.媒体也会被利用，比如投放广告，报纸上，电视上。
  3.媒体会去挖掘信息，public character are more probable to be exposed to the public. Richard Nixon，The Watergate Scandal
Cons:
  1.现代社会中仍然有英雄存在。Steve Jobs.
  2.随着网络的流行，instant fame and reputation are more likely for a person to obtain than before.

80.
Pro: 
  Government policies should be in favor of the general welfare of its people. Human being, living in the society, also relies on the society to survive. Without the help of society, people would start looking for food supply themselves, lose their opportunities to receive high-level education and dismiss from their jobs which are their source of economy. It might seems that in most cases, nations should reduce its funding for the arts when significant numbers of their citizens are hungry or unemployed.
  Government has played an important role in maintaining the lives of its citizens. This role is more distinct when natural disaster inflicts citizens. An satisfactory example would be the government participation in Wenchuan earthquake. This earthquake has rendered the demise of more than two hundred thousands people and the government took several reactions to secure the safety of survivers and to appease their hurt mind. Adequate food supplies were sent there by air and by truck. Tents and other shelters were built quickly to provide room for those survivors. Rescue teams were also designated there to save alive survivors that was still trapped in the debris. Premier Wen even flied there to made public discourses to placate those survivors still in cower. All of these actions taken above cannot be achieved by any individual or any company. It is the responsibility of a government to ensure the citizens away from hungry as the food, clothing and living is the basic needs for each individual.
  In addition, the government is supposed to maintain the unemployment rate at a low level. The confidence of people will be diminished when they are unemployed and sometimes the state of unemployment even result in protests and turbulence. The debt crisis in Greece has lead to the unemployment among Greek citizens, especially young people. Their welfare were reduced and thus they began walking in the street, protesting against the austerity measures. It can be concluded from this example that people tends to ascribe the unemployment state to their government and the ability to deal with the unemployment also embodies the strength of a nation.
  The artists are sometimes self-dependent and they usually do not rely on the government for their funding. Vincent van Gogh have demonstrated his talent in painting and is one of the impressionist virtuosos. During his lifetime, the major economy source for him is the support from his brother Theo. However, as the cultural lives are more and more accentuated, the government has played an increasingly important role in providing government funding for the arts. Art schools have been established and supported by the government and also exhibitions were held by the government to attract citizens and enrich their mental lives. However, private investments on arts are still the major trend because a person worrying about their survival are less likely to develop his/her interest in arts.
  Last but not least, the funding for arts and the investment on saving the unemployment rate and solving the problem of food supply are not mutually exclusive. The major source income for a government is by imposing taxes, thus the total amount of investments for a government is limited and the government should balance and divide their investments into appropriate proportions. It is also worth mentioning that in developed countries, there are still many people suffering from hunger or in unemployed. This is more related to the effort of individual himself than the liability of his/her government.
  As a conclusion, it is too aggressive to make a sweeping generalization that nations should suspend government funding for the arts when significant number of their citizens are hungry or unemployed. It is of more practical significance for a government to weighing the priority of different matters and thus make approriate policies to divide its investments according to different priorities.

22.
  英雄任务和模范榜样反映出了社会的ideals. Steve Jobs. sense of marketing. innovation. Mahatma Gandhi. nonviolence, reflects the pursuit of peace.
  英雄人物反应趋势。教育，通过实际的例子来激励我们，去向着目标努力。
  英雄人物，模范榜样也可能被误导，他们不是实际存在的。比如雷锋，比如邻居家的孩子。
  The majority of a society is still ordinary people.

117.
  Urbanization加剧。 
  城市集中了大量的人口，最有经济实力。 With the concentration of both wealth and population, the goverment are more capable of utilizing such concentrated effort the preserve its traditions. Such as the private gardens in Suzhou. Suzhou Meseum designed by Leon Ming Pei. 
  However, the metropolitan and multipolarity of cultured are incorporated by the workers from comparatively poor areas. The protection of dialects. Also, all cities tends to become unianimous, that skyscrapers, fast transportation system.
  In rural areas, things change slowly. They are less affected by the modernization. The wedding ceremony is largely simplified in cities.
  Further discussed.

2.
  Urbanization 
  城市集中了大量的人口。在城市里，生活更便捷，快速. 
  城市也是反应出更快的变化。日新月异。比如上海发展快速，skyscrapers. 反映出了中国经济的快速变化。
  农村也是社会的组成部分。保留了大量的传统。比如婚礼的习俗。

38.
  社会发展变化快
  Rousseau have once said all people are born free, but the natural freedom is not achieved until these people enter into a social contract. 人离不开自己社会，也离不开自己的社会群体。每个社会群体都有自己的认知，作为计算计科学的学生，我们认为自己处在一个absolute fairness. that is the correctness of a program. When we are intimation.
  People are also affected by their friends. Through communcation with friends, by exchanging different views. to resolve the conflicts, one must first evaluate things on the opposite side. One can then reevaluate himself and find recognition. When as an exchange student......
  Self identification is sometimes more accurate. Every person has its own goals, which are different from others.
  Each individual find their identification not only mentally or psychological but also through physical identification.

77.
  Cultures are the general behaviours, attitudes and beliefs. 
  年轻是主流，他们更能接受新的观点。但也存在他们为了求异，故意反传统。
  社会不知由年轻人组成，其他人也占有一部分。他们通常较为稳定，也经过了时间的考验。
  可能一种有效的方式是，the old reaction under the trends of its youth.

7.
  政府提供的支持，有必要。政府不仅资助艺术家本身，为他们的生活；还帮助传播艺术，Exhibition of arts. enrich their mental life. 
  Censorship. 因为政府的参与，艺术本身考虑了更多的东西。They are not driven by inspiration, but by how much audience. not driven by its artisic value, but by how much money it can be auctioned at. Also, censorship exists when a country is importing a movie from other coutries. China is such a typical country that well-known for its media censorship. Movies including sexual scene will definite suffer from compulsory modification if these movies are going to enter the Chinese market. 
  除了国家的支持，我们也应该更多地去了解艺术。比如通识教育。

55.
  Being understandable to most people reflects the ability of the artists. 反映出能力，说明其普遍性。Like popular songs by .
  可能经过炒作，比如The Founding of a Republic. Commercial Speculation or promotion. In some cases, when a movie that cost more then ten million, are more likely to have more audience than a movie that cost only a hundred thousand. The movie that cost more would be shown to more screen.
  现在理解，未来不一定能理解。比如文化大革命。比如艺术家死后才被赏识。

41.
  The greatness of individuals can be represented in many aspects. The fame and reputation of one could be the definition as the greatness. The contribution to a specific field is also a representation of the greatness. To evaluate the greatness of an individual, many contend that they are more decided by those who live after them rather than their contemporaries. However, in my humble opinion, this statement may not be applicable for all cases and thus is too aggressive as a sweeping generalization.
  First, the greatness of individuals are able to stand the test of time. In other words, people that live after those individuals, are more likely to evaluate objectively. For a great individual, their contemporaries, especially those experts in his/her fields are still competing with him/her, they might fabricate scandals to impair him/her in order to improve the reputation for themselves. It is also possible that a great individual may not follow the major trend at his/her time. One of the greatest impressionism painter, Vincent van Gogh, is such a satisfactory example. He was not successful at first as a clerk. He began devoting himself to painting with the financial of his brother Theo. In the last twenty years of his life, he had drawn over two thousand paitings including the well-known Starry Night. But he was not recognized and accepted by his contemporaries and wallowed into mental illness and he even cut his one ear himself. Despite the obscurity at his lifetime, his talent for paiting was recognized after his demise. Memorial exhibitions were mounted in many places including Paris. We can conclude from this example that the greatness of individual can be decided by those who live after them.
  However, the greatness of individuals can be evaluated by their contemporaries. In such a world of Internet, information are spread quickly and the immediate fame are more likely to happen. Steve Jobs is such an illustration. After his dismissed from Reed College at the age of twenty one, he initiated the Apple company and already won his fame at that time. The Apple II was the first highly successful mass-produced personal computer. His most illustrious iPhone, was released in 2007 and caught the eye of the whole world. The keyboard on the screen, the rounded-corner design and the brand new online application store opened up a new era of mobile Internet. Thus, from Steve Jobs, we are able to make a conclusion that the greatness of an individual could be decided by their contemporaries.
  Last but not least, the greatness of individuals could be decided by the individual himself. In such a plural and multicultural society, every individual has set his own standard of success and greatness. My brother determined to be a scientist in Computer Science since he was in primary school. He began his career of research as an undergraduate and now he had already published several significant theses in Machine Learning at present. He was indeed a great individual himself even if it is possible that his work might be neglected in the future.
  There are different standards to evaluate the greatness of individuals and there is not sweep generalization that the greatness of individuals can be decided only by those who live after them, or by their contemporaries, even by the individual himself. In order to pursue success and greatness, one must concentrate on his own work and not be frivolous or be distracted by the temptation from the societies. Only by hard working to make things possible, could one achieve the greatness he deserves.

57.
  History: learn from Chinese poems. That the life are not that different. Ancient people still witness the separation from those they love. They still suffer from the nostalgia.
  People are still different from people who lived in earlier times. The development and widespread of Internet. People are facing a enormous amount of information.
  More importantly, they need to learn the lesson from history. To avoid disastrous road. Adolf Hitler. Cultural Revolution.

119.
  The modern development are of realistic significance. Hospital. Transportation. Office building. Shopping halls. 
  Historic buildings are also of great significance. They are the real models. Although they cost more for perservation and maintaince. For instance the old city wall of Suzhou.
  They are not mutually exclusive. They could be developed as tourist attraction.